last changes (#10)
molgenis/Trendanalysis: README.md

### Logging
On the DAT0(5,6,7) in the logs/trendanalysis folder, for each data type a file will be touched, for instance for rawdata: `groups/${group}/${DAT}/logs/trendanalysis/${PRM}.copyQCDataToTmp.rawdata`.

> If `copyQCDataToTmp.sh` is ran on cf-chaperone, all the log files will be in DAT06. For each PRM there will be a file, you will have 3 files for ${PRM}.copyQCDataToTmp.rawdata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `copyQCDataToTmp.sh` runs on cf-chaperone, then the log files will be in `dat06`. For each `${PRM}` there will be a log file, so you will get 3 ${PRM}.copyQCDataToTmp.rawdata file for `prm05`, `prm06` and `prm07`.
```
